** Entry #1
	* Run a "ground/base" experiment
		1. Select features from the whole dataset (exactly like what I did with ABIDE I)
		2. Run classifiers to get a base accuracy when training a model using the whole ASD spectrum
		3. Get the brain map with the brain regions that differentiate between ASD and TD

	* Behavioral based experiements
		1. For each behavioral test (communication, mannerism, cognition, ...)
		2. Split each behavioral test into 4 groups (TD, MILD, MODERATE, SEVER)
		3. For each ASD group within each behavioral test, a new data matrix is generated by combining an ASD group with TD
		4. there are 6 different tests with 3 different comparisons (TD vs MILD, TD vs MODERATE, TD vs SEVER). Therefore, there will be total of
		   18 different models.
		5. Those 18 different models will behave as descriptive models for the entire specturm, and they will be utilized to diagnose a new subject.
		6. The idea is that each model will yield a different brain map/neural network(s). For instance TD vs Sever for communication behavioral test
		   will yield a model and brain map. The model will be used to classify a new subject whethere he is more likely to be sever ASD or TD along
		   with the affected regions on his brain, then the same subject will be passed to TD vs Sever cognition behavioral test to decide whether the
		   subject is more likely to be sever ASD or TD. Aggregate the decisions from all the 6 tests (maybe with another classifier or just majority
		   voting, or weighting the decision based on the CV performance of each model) if the subject is assigned to be sever ASD, then the subject
		   is labled as ASD, and a neural circuit is created that describes what brain regions are affected the most. However, if the subject is 
		   assigned to be TD, then the same approach is repeated for TD vs Moderate, then TD vs Mild and if the subject is assigned to be TD when
		   comparing with MILD. then the subject is eventually accepted to be TD.

		7. The proposed experiment isn't only expected to improve results but also expected to provide insights on whether there are structural neuro-
		   circuits that can directly be mapped to a specific human behavior.

	* Modifying autoencoders to be supervised.
		1. autoencoders are a neural networks that compress the input to a specific size and then expand it again to the original size trying to 
	           minimize an error function between the input and the generated output.
		2. What if we expanded this network to classify the generated output and add the classification error to the reconstruction error? It is still
		   crude idea that requires more of technical work and deeper understanding to autoencoders. 